Version 1.9.1 release notes (#70)
instana/nginx-tracing: README.md

      # It needs to be set for every block where `proxy_set_header`
      # is found. This can also be the case at `server` level.
      opentracing_propagate_context;
      

>       # Using the `opentracing_remove_duplication` command enables the
>       # removal of the duplication of Server-Timing Header in the NGINX response.

Reviewer: NGINX always talks about configuration **directives**. Please do so as well.
```suggestion
      # The `opentracing_remove_duplication` directive enables the
      # removal of the duplication of the Server-Timing header in the NGINX response.
```

      # This duplication may occur if more than one tracer is involved in the
      # the process chain of a request.

>       # The command can be inserted in the following contexts: http, server,
>       # location, backend.

Reviewer: It is "upstream", not "backend".
```suggestion
      # The directive can be inserted in the following contexts: http, server,
      # location, and upstream.
```

## Release History

### 1.9.1 (2024-08-22)

  * Bug fix: Upper-case for `Server-Timing` header

>   * New Feature: Add command "`opentracing_remove_duplication`", to enable removal of duplicated `Server-Timing` headers in Nginx response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * New Feature: Add directive "`opentracing_remove_duplication`", to enable removal of duplicated `Server-Timing` headers in Nginx response.
```
